How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

We can easily compare the two versions and find the bug

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

We can keep track of each change , in case of any problem with new alteration , 
we can backtrack to older version

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

Pros - In case of any abrupt system shut down , we will have our newly made changes saved
Cons - Maybe there are changes made, not supposed to be saved but done just to debug the code

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

No idea

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

No idea

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

Since I know that all my work is safe along with its previous versions , I feel 
confident to make any further changes even if it could break something .

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

Manage my programming codes 

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

Pros - you get to save the version of a code whenever you think you have made a logical change
Cons - You may forget to save version when you are in flow of coding

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

Because in this way all the files associated with a file which is changed can be grouped together

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

git log is used to see all the commits made from the beginning . In short , it keeps track of the entire history of the file .
Whereas git diff shows the difference between any two commits .

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

Since you know that any change you make can be reversed easily , so you are not afraid to wreck your entire code

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

Software projects or big codes


